Galaxy metadata awareness (#78280)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_reuse_roles.rst

> The client ``ansible-galaxy`` is included in Ansible. The Galaxy client allows you to download roles from Ansible Galaxy, and also provides an excellent default framework for creating your own roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client ``ansible-galaxy`` is included in Ansible. The Galaxy client allows you to download roles from Ansible Galaxy and provides an excellent default framework for creating your roles.
```

> Read the `Ansible Galaxy documentation <https://galaxy.ansible.com/docs/>`_ page for more information. One page there which refers back to this one frequently is the Galaxy Roles document which explains the required metadata your role needs for use in Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com/docs/contributing/creating_role.html>. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the `Ansible Galaxy documentation <https://galaxy.ansible.com/docs/>`_ page for more information. A page that refers back to this one frequently is the Galaxy Roles document which explains the required metadata your role needs for use in Galaxy <https://galaxy.ansible.com/docs/contributing/creating_role.html>. 
```
